Jocelyn Corrales: Let's start with what's working out for you. Okay.
mitchell u: For a while machover as well like
Jocelyn Corrales: We diversity. Yes. With regards to activities. Your know just your daily activities. Yes, just your day to be activity dislike you what you're doing.
Jocelyn Corrales: The day
mitchell u: Daily. I just finished working out. I work out every day.
mitchell u: The treadmill.
mitchell u: I'm in a program right now for like the next either I have like a month or like two months left because I transferred from another program due to insurance issues.
mitchell u: So like I can either take the credits for my last rehab.
mitchell u: And use them with this rehab because I needed to 90 days in total for core
mitchell u: So I'm still debating whether to use my previous credits or just do another full 90 here.
mitchell u: Because I just 16 days credits are
mitchell u: Really, I could I could do two and a half months in this rehab and take my last rehabs credits and then be done.
mitchell u: But I might just do the whole 90 at this rehab plus my 16 credits. So I have a little over so I can show the judge and maybe the judge will be a little happier. Um, yeah. Yeah, but uh yeah everything's working out. I wake up I go to group I
mitchell u: Yeah, I have group till like three o'clock, pretty much.
mitchell u: I do my running in between groups.
mitchell u: I have my computer here. So they let me study like I'm studying computer science in school.
mitchell u: And
mitchell u: I'm signing up for school this month school starts next month online courses, some computer science classes I'm yeah I'm about to transfer I have very few classes and then I transfer
Jocelyn Corrales: What do you mean transfer transfer
mitchell u: transfer to a four year college. Yeah.
mitchell u: I mean Community College, though.
mitchell u: But yeah, as far as everything in this rehab. It's pretty good. You know, I'm just, I'm just praying that like my insurance covers
Jocelyn Corrales: Every week
mitchell u: You know I yet although it's good. Oh, it's good but like the last place last place I got a I got unlucky because they they didn't do my PSYCH EVALUATION they forgot it, which is
mitchell u: Pretty crazy like that never happens. But yeah, here, they're they're on top of things. It seems
Jocelyn Corrales: Like
mitchell u: And it's a small rehab. It's like four people max or five people, Max. And right now it's just two of us. So it's good. I like it.
mitchell u: Only thing I don't like is I always want to stay home here because we have everything here and they always want to go out and do this and that. It's like
mitchell u: I don't know. I've done a lot of rehab. So I'm kind of
mitchell u: Used to being a homebody, I guess.
mitchell u: And even at home. I'm kind of a homebody
mitchell u: But it's good. They let me work with you guys because like
mitchell u: I don't know. I was on methadone before I moved to you guys like I made transferred from methadone or Suboxone because I wanted more like freedom in my life.
Jocelyn Corrales: I was on
mitchell u: Don't for two years and I don't know. So far so good, and it's it's a step down, you know, and I haven't touched heroin in like a long time so
mitchell u: That's good to know. Like I'm
mitchell u: Doing good. You know, I kinda yeah it's been like it's been like four years since I've had like a full blown heroin addiction, you know,
mitchell u: Then a couple years. I don't know.
mitchell u: For for but it's been a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear. At least you're not doing it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so we regards to your activities of daily living.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to you know what time do you usually wake up. Are you able to do your, your basic necessities such as you know showery
Jocelyn Corrales: Brushing your teeth.
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I wake up.
mitchell u: At 730 usually the the rehab wakes people up at eight o'clock.
mitchell u: But I wake up usually 730 because I go to bed pretty early. I go to bed at like 1011
mitchell u: It's a pretty relaxed place.
mitchell u: It's it's expensive, but I'm lucky I'm on my parent's insurance for one more year so I'm pretty lucky like to go here.
mitchell u: They I don't pay any copay while I'm here. But yeah, I wake up 730
Jocelyn Corrales: I
mitchell u: I brush my teeth. I get ready. And then I usually shower, like I actually after this. I'm going to shower because I just did the treadmill for like an hour. So I usually shower after my workout, which is like in the morning also
mitchell u: And I start groups at eight o'clock or 830 sorry 830 I start groups.
mitchell u: We do a meditation group at 830 till nine and then from 930 to 1030 I do yoga.
mitchell u: So today we did yoga.
mitchell u: And then from 11 to 12 we do some relapse prevention group.
mitchell u: And then from
mitchell u: 1230 or 12 o'clock we lunch.
mitchell u: And then 1231 30s and other group, but sometimes it'll be wanted to, I don't know, it's, it's pretty like it's just depends on the counselor and who's here.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then
mitchell u: From two to three. We have one more group and then throughout the week. I have like three therapies. I have that RP with one person once a week and then I have therapy with another person twice a week.
mitchell u: And that's random it's on whatever day they really you know whatever day they have time. Pretty much i don't know i i was in a six month treatment facility so i i don't do much in this therapy because I did all that in that six month the place. I don't know. I
Jocelyn Corrales: Heard it
Jocelyn Corrales: But currently, are you in a rehab. Is that an online rehab or
mitchell u: Impatient, I'm going to
mitchell u: Know, so uh yeah I'm in the garage right now.
mitchell u: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that's, that's an inpatient facility and you're in the garage of the
Jocelyn Corrales: Resident. So that's why you have a program a day to day activity.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. That's, yeah, we have a schedule the weekends, we don't have anything really. They just always try to take us out. But I just want to stay. You know, I just like staying back. It's a relaxed place. It doesn't really feel like a rehab.
mitchell u: To be honest, I've been to like rehabs where you wake up at like
mitchell u: 530 and, you know,
mitchell u: And it's like, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least very have various very therapeutic. And it seems like
Jocelyn Corrales: You're no
mitchell u: Yeah, it feels like home living
mitchell u: And that's what I like. Because really, when you when you're finished with rehab and you're and you're at home but life's gonna be like life's not going to be like wake up at these crazy times and do this crazy shit all day like
mitchell u: Yeah, every I did a six month program that was like that.
mitchell u: And the day I got out I relapse, because that's just not
mitchell u: This you know what
Jocelyn Corrales: The things that scare
mitchell u: relapses. What are you gonna do when you have dead time, and you don't know what to
Jocelyn Corrales: Do
mitchell u: And that's what living is, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It feels like
Jocelyn Corrales: very traditional
mitchell u: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm very strict
mitchell u: Yeah, this place is a lot different. So
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: So how many months. Are you staying on that program facility. Three. Three months and you're stealing her
mitchell u: I got here in March 27 but I was at another facility for 16 days, but they
mitchell u: Had insurance issue so I
mitchell u: Transferred but I might still just do my full three months here instead of
Jocelyn Corrales: Owning
mitchell u: You know, two and a half plus my last place.
mitchell u: I don't know. Yeah, like
mitchell u: It depends if my insurance covers the full 90 I'll do the phone.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's good.
mitchell u: Because it doesn't feel like a rehab. It feels like
mitchell u: Rather a good. There's nothing to do. Anyways, with this coronavirus thing going on. You know, I might as well just get the credits and even go overboard with the credits. So, the judge gives me a lenient because I already took a deal with the judge.
mitchell u: Mm hmm. I already pleaded to a deal. They just have the sentence me on and it's over.
mitchell u: I turned to do for so I did two months in jail plus three months in rehab.
mitchell u: That wasn't my sentence and
mitchell u: Yeah I did the jail time already. And then now I have to just do this. You have yeah and then three or felony probation, but I've done that before. It's not a big deal. Yeah.
mitchell u: Yeah so everything's everything's pretty good, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have actually good plans because you've mentioned that you want to go back
Jocelyn Corrales: To a four year college
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah, I'm going to go to my community college and then transfer. I only have like a few classes left
Jocelyn Corrales: I finished.
mitchell u: All my G like computer science classes the hard ones.
mitchell u: I'm just I when I go back, I have to do like discrete math and I have to do this one is like optional, but I'm going to take this assembly language class.
mitchell u: I'm taking an assembly language before, but I'm going to take another one.
mitchell u: Just, I don't know, I feel like that, knowing those basics is very important to me. I don't know. Are you I'm really into and over here in this rehab. What I like is they let me use my computer.
mitchell u: Because I let them use the computer I brought three computers. And so I compromise, you know,
mitchell u: They use my computer for for like yoga and like we do.
mitchell u: That you know it's it's like, you know, it's just nice to have those options.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah he's brother.
mitchell u: Clients leaving Katie
mitchell u: Yeah, now it's me and another guy.
mitchell u: It was three of us now it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it's nice also to do this because, you know, it's actually kind of relaxing afterwards. It's like doing meditation.
mitchell u: Yeah, I like it a lot.
mitchell u: I really like it. And what I do is I do the yoga and then I go run out there because I'm all
Jocelyn Corrales: Stretching, and it's
mitchell u: Very easy for me.
mitchell u: Yesterday I ran. I ran like 30 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: And then I went
mitchell u: And then I like power walked for another 30 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: When your
mitchell u: Time's running in between. So
mitchell u: But I do an hour in total I burn like a like pretty much like 1000 calories or 900
mitchell u: Something like that do. It's like four miles or a little over four miles.
mitchell u: But it is good. I'm trying to like pretty much the first month of being here. I was trying to just get my health back in shape.
mitchell u: Because in jail. I
mitchell u: Wasn't I wasn't on the there's a farm where you can move around and work, but my case was a little serious they because my case was a wobble or they want to send me to prison for three years.
mitchell u: But, uh, because of that, I was in lockdown on I couldn't go to like the more nicer places like without fighting for it. But, uh,
mitchell u: Pretty much.
mitchell u: Yeah, I couldn't move a lot. It was just when the cells open so kindness.
Jocelyn Corrales: Here I can around. So I'm trying to get back. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay that's good to hear. So with regards to your mental health, you've mentioned you're doing yoga, as you know, as a form of relaxation. Also, how do you manage your, you know, when you have mood swings, or you know you feel like cranky, or you have excited. These. How do you manage it.
mitchell u: I just like I do different things I'll work out. I'll read
mitchell u: I'll, I'll, like sometimes if it's like, let's say, let's say I feel very anxious
mitchell u: To do something bad. And I know I can't do that and I'm
mitchell u: Contemplating in my head. I'll just
mitchell u: Go on the on my
mitchell u: They also let us use our phones here, which is pretty cool. Usually rehabs take the phone away so I watched like YouTube videos or something and you know I just kind of, I just shy to jump to I just kind of try to jump into something else like I don't know how to explain it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I like
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing something. It's like doing something to distract you.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. I tried to get into other things I watched a lot of documentaries and like, yeah, it's hard sometimes. But you know the
mitchell u: I'm lucky that I haven't, I haven't been like an actual heroin addict in a long time.
mitchell u: So the and being on Suboxone you know in the rehab. They talk you down about it, you know, they're not fans of Suboxone or methadone.
Jocelyn Corrales: I need a
mitchell u: But like, to me it's like I have a lot of friends that passed away and it's like I'm sure they would love to be on Suboxone
mitchell u: And I've already more than 10 times, you know, in the
mitchell u: Hospital and it's like
mitchell u: I don't know Suboxone I haven't had anything bad happened to me because it's it's only
mitchell u: Good things gave me my family back
mitchell u: Again, my, you know, I gave me school gave me my risk gave me responsibility that made me a you know accountable and
mitchell u: Honestly, it's been working out for me and i don't i don't care about, like, people like I think it's better to do harm reduction, rather than this whole like counting your sobriety days like I think
Jocelyn Corrales: That's
mitchell u: too intense and
mitchell u: It's not to me being sober is not really a virtue, it's, it's just like an interesting choice, you know,
mitchell u: Like my parents.
mitchell u: My parents are. We're not from America. Originally I wasn't born here, you know,
mitchell u: I speak another language like our culture is different and to us. It's like, oh, he's sober. Okay, well grandma's sober everyday to, like, it's not a you know what I'm saying it's, it's, like, that's just the choice. It's like, okay, Edison. Okay, he's on this like
mitchell u: I just don't, I don't look at it like a hurry. I, I don't know.
mitchell u: It's, I don't know. I think it's dangerous to look at it that way, because then I meet people in jail. And they're like, I'm an addict. If drugs are here. I'm taking it, you know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like
mitchell u: The choice to take it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's sure
mitchell u: You're not just like this don't subject yourself to being the
mitchell u: Best you
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true. I think it's crazy.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually usually a choice because you know if you know if you decided not to change, you know, even if you're in rehab. If
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, if you have decided not to change, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You would still go back and relax. But if you have decided to change, you know,
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well, it's always a choice.
mitchell u: I think even if someone does relapse. They shouldn't subject themselves to being this addict, like they should
mitchell u: Know like hey i did i i picked up and now I'm physically addicted and I have to go to the dealer every day. And all I need to change. You know, you need to
mitchell u: Understand that like people. People just subject themselves. They're like, Oh, I did it. Now I'm that's me.
mitchell u: It's like no, like you have a choice like this. I don't think this whole powerless thing. I think it's a little too crazy. I don't know.
mitchell u: I think it's crazy.
mitchell u: I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually difficult to change if you yourself is not
Jocelyn Corrales: If you are not ready for it.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. And that's why I don't see any shame and using, you know, maintenance medication like somebody
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, a year Suboxone saved me actually
mitchell u: Methadone it from not using heroin for those two years of being on
mitchell u: I forgot how heroin feels when I inject it, you know, I forgot that rush
mitchell u: And then I dropped down because now my now my so when I was on heroin my high was here no methadone and my highs here. That's what I know from opiates, but now I'm on Suboxone and my, my boss, is here, you know,
mitchell u: That's what I know with opiates, because all of that time lapse that happened I
mitchell u: Don't know what this feels
mitchell u: Like anymore. I know what this feels
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, actually, it actually helps you, you know, for having a withdrawal and, you know, just in case you know for some other patients if they tried to quit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Immediately they would have withdrawal. So what happens is that instead of quitting it, they tend to relapse and go back to it. So that's why it's very helpful. Having that Suboxone
Jocelyn Corrales: But usually
Jocelyn Corrales: Your providers are also going to taper down your Suboxone intake until you're able to do that.
mitchell u: I know I'm not ready.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like me
mitchell u: But when I was 19 I was on Suboxone and I tapered myself down
mitchell u: He actually it was pretty easy for me. I just caught it in little slivers, and I was in school. Also, I don't know, I, yeah, I feel like it's a lot easier to taper than methadone like methadone.
mitchell u: Yes, it was hell done with even with them tapering me like one milligram of like a week it was still but with Suboxone. I don't know. I didn't have a hard time like and I did it a couple
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because you're already used
Jocelyn Corrales: To taking Suboxone instead of taking the Methadone so you being tapering down right now.
mitchell u: No. No idea. Yeah, I, I think I need to be on Suboxone a lot longer, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's okay.
mitchell u: Yeah, I'm not
Good always
Jocelyn Corrales: You can always tell your provider about it, regarding your, you know, tapering down. You surely when they tried to taper down they doing a taper down immediately, but usually they do it in a probably only one week or two weeks or it depends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so how how many milligrams, or even for your Suboxone
Jocelyn Corrales: 12 okay
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your providers go your doctor is going to discuss that.
Jocelyn Corrales: We do with
mitchell u: I'm not worried. I know. I feel like I should be on it longer.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I think you still have a long way to go.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because you're still at 12 milligrams
mitchell u: Yeah yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay. So with regards to your maybe with regards to your mental health. If you're know when you're feeling anxious, you said you you try to read or you, you know, you try to distract yourself from being anxious
Jocelyn Corrales: You try to read or you do work out. Have you tried you know when you're having bad moods instead of getting angry. How have you tried you know being alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
mitchell u: Yeah, I prefer it. Isn't it the only thing that sucks about here is because it's such a low client rehab. It's hard to just go be alone. I mean, I have my own room, but it's like people like go up to be like, Are you okay, are you okay
mitchell u: Sometimes I just wanna
mitchell u: I don't want people around it just
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I know, I know.
mitchell u: I'm an introvert, you know, I like to be my own thing and sometimes they think they think, oh, it's a bad mood or it's not to go
mitchell u: I want to chill out. Like, that's all.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, usually introverts are, you know, if you're a home but you you're a home by the type of person, sometimes you know you don't like to socialize. You just want to be alone.
mitchell u: Yeah, that's what I like all the time, actually all the time. And don't get me wrong. There's some
mitchell u: Instances. Yes, I like to socialize, but I get, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Most of the time you like yellow
mitchell u: With the rehab. It's like this is kind of a dream all these people. I'm not going to see them ever again after
mitchell u: I don't even live in this area, like it's
mitchell u: I don't want to get too close with people.
mitchell u: It's just not. I don't know. These are people I'm gonna be hanging out with for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have friends outside
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. I have people that visit me in this night and yeah
mitchell u: My pants are sick of rehab they they're the only ones who don't visit me they they come and bring me tea and stuff like that and cigarettes, but they don't they don't want to visit, they don't like rehabs they think they think rehabs are scam.
mitchell u: Scam, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That may sound youth, you know, getting
Jocelyn Corrales: Out there.
mitchell u: For me, I know they're they're there for me, they're there for.
Jocelyn Corrales: And okay, that's good. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we'd be there. So your spiritual self. Would you consider yourself spiritual or religious
mitchell u: not religious but yeah spiritual. I grew up traditional, you know, very traditional home.
mitchell u: Not very religious, though just
mitchell u: Just like
mitchell u: You know, traditional values in my house.
mitchell u: You know, like
mitchell u: The men do this, the women do this the
mitchell u: End. You know, you got this. You
Know,
mitchell u: God, yeah.
mitchell u: You know, we don't you know
mitchell u: That kind of stuff. Like, I grew up like that, that's for sure. That's for sure, very conservative household. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But let me believe that there is a higher being, or a god.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I believe in God. Yeah, but I don't know if it's if it's the same as like as, like, I don't know, like a Christian or or Jewish god you know like my family. We actually were supposed to be Jewish but we don't really do anything, you know,
mitchell u: We don't even eat kosher. We don't, I don't know where
mitchell u: We practice identify, we just like yeah
mitchell u: But, but we don't practice. Yeah, we don't but but still our values, our I think our values are very spiritual like what we do and
mitchell u: How we coordinate ourselves and all
Jocelyn Corrales: This stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: For sure. But the fact that you believe there is a God, you know,
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. I believe there's a God yeah i don't i don't stick it in people's faces, though I don't you know like I don't talk about it.
mitchell u: Yeah, I was at a rehab was
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually nurse, they actually there are some people
Jocelyn Corrales: Are quite sensitive about it.
mitchell u: But yeah, for sure. I was at a place and or even here. There was a guy. He grabbed me and he said, I'm going to pray for you.
mitchell u: And he said on and he grabbed me or you know he's like saying this prayer and these are and Mitchell accepts Jesus in his life. And I'm thinking in my head Jewish man.
mitchell u: I didn't want to say it, though I didn't say it. I was just like, Okay.
I respect.
mitchell u: I respect that.
mitchell u: As well I know he means well
Yes.
mitchell u: I don't I don't shun down people's
Jocelyn Corrales: Thing you know that's that's very good. If you know that's very cool. Have you know to be, you know, cool like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and you're not angry elbow and yes he means well actually
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. That's how I look at it. That's my you know I I respected. I think it's I think it's good for him, you know, whatever.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Have you tried, maybe you know protest, you mentioned you know you're Jewish, have you tried. Maybe. Probably learning about it. You're learning about here.
mitchell u: I can read Hebrew.
mitchell u: I know basics, but I don't know for me being spiritual is very different than being religious I feel like I feel like religious is more of like
mitchell u: You know the actual context and the content that's in each religion, but I feel like spirituality is like living like you know like this yin and yang kind of life like like karma and balance finding balance in your life and
mitchell u: Moral like just I don't know really tuning your moral compass, I guess you could say.
mitchell u: It's kind of like a balance. Yeah, just doing the right doing the doing what you're doing what you feel is right and
mitchell u: You know, recognizing when you do something wrong and stuff like that. I feel like that spirituality to me.
mitchell u: Because like there were moments where like, you know, something bad happens. And I think, oh god, you know. Oh god, I say, oh God in my head. It's like
mitchell u: Why would I say that I, oh, it's a
Jocelyn Corrales: Spiritual you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, yes.
mitchell u: Some form of hope when I don't
Jocelyn Corrales: See a fish tank. Thank you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Know, yes.
mitchell u: Yeah, no, I, I definitely think like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but you mentioned you're interested in reading about it. Have you know, have you tried connecting with you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Are trying to improve your, you know, spirituality or spiritual connection with God, something like that.
mitchell u: Well, I'm here. I do that.
mitchell u: How do I explain it.
mitchell u: Like I accept things that I can't control.
mitchell u: You know, I give that power over to you know to live to live to handle it to God, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
mitchell u: All the things I can't control it. I don't I try not to worry about things that I can't control like like when I was in jail.
mitchell u: Before I took a deal before I took deal. I was thinking all man they're gonna hit me with a bad deal. They're gonna, you know, they're really going to hit me this time. And, and I just like I tried every day to not talk about it and not think about it and just live day to day and
mitchell u: You know, certain days I would screw up and I'll talk to myself and say, oh man, do you think they're gonna hit me hard
mitchell u: But do you also free, like, you know, this is my
mitchell u: Sugar, for sure. Yeah, I didn't do anything out loud, but definitely
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes. The still brain. You don't need to say allow
mitchell u: Here, you know,
mitchell u: For sure, for sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
mitchell u: When there's no real hope. Like, that's what I think, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true, that's true. And it gives you hope also
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, knowing that someone's watching over you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, knowing that someone you know has control over you, those things that you could let control. He's in control of your life.
mitchell u: Yeah, like certain situations. I mean certain situations. I'll call coincidence but other situations. I might. I might accept it and be like, Oh, there's a reason this is happening.
You know, yes.
mitchell u: Not all of them. I do believe in some coincidences, but there's certain things where I feel like by not thinking it's a coincidence and kind of helps guide you. You know, you kind of take it in a personal level.
mitchell u: That kind of thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So you mentioned that your mom and dad sense you stuff I do you still you have a good relationship with your parents.
mitchell u: Yeah. Yeah. Very good. Yeah, they, they're very supportive.
mitchell u: No matter what, like whether I'm in jail or rehab or whatever they always take care of me. They just don't visit the rehab because of I think coronavirus
mitchell u: And oh yeah yeah
mitchell u: Like they don't really like rehab. Anyways, like
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's safer for them to stay up home.
Jocelyn Corrales: This title. Yeah.
mitchell u: Like yesterday the rehab was gonna drive us all to our moms.
Jocelyn Corrales: To see me.
mitchell u: Thursday, and I called my mom told her. Happy Mother's Day. And then I thought about it in the car after we went to one person's house.
mitchell u: Like, I'm not gonna, I don't want to go to the actually to the House.
mitchell u: Yeah. Oh, here with the whole rehab.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
mitchell u: So what they did.
mitchell u: They went inside and everything I
mitchell u: Was like, okay, I really my parents would not want that they wouldn't
mitchell u: Get off. I said,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's fine, it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: As long as you know that you know that they
Jocelyn Corrales: Love you.
mitchell u: They know they know. I know. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, brothers or sisters
mitchell u: Yeah, I'm the youngest one have older brother older sister.
Jocelyn Corrales: And they're also very supportive of you. Yes. Yeah.
mitchell u: My sister's 35 or 34 and my brothers 28 he's about to be 29 yeah they're very supportive of me.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have a girlfriend.
mitchell u: No. Not currently. I have friends that are girls that visit me here. But no, not a real Girlfriend No.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine.
mitchell u: All right now. Yeah, I have like this engineer girl I talked to and then the girl, but the engineer girls like the main girl I talked to and like hang out with, I don't know. There are people. I grew up with. I guy i don't i don't like to, I don't know. I don't use social media.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I know like
mitchell u: Like to meet people like on on you know internet or whatever. I like the engineer girl. I went to math class with
mitchell u: Me when I was in high school, we had the same math teacher
mitchell u: And then she isn't to computer science, she studies at Berkeley.
mitchell u: And so, like, and she lives.
mitchell u: On my street and the other girl is a neighbor of mine and we hang out. Also, but she's kind of crazy. And then the other ones kind of more level headed in that. Sorry.
mitchell u: But they support me you know they bring me cigarettes money.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you like, ah,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you prefer talking to them to that they're rather than spending time of them you know on
mitchell u: Social I like spending time with them. It's just right now, you know,
mitchell u: I think, I think it's like I the this girl visited me a few times while I was here and I kind of felt like Why bring her anymore. Like, it's a rehab, like with this. You know what I mean.
mitchell u: I don't know. I gotta hang out when I'm done with rehab.
mitchell u: Okay, but she did come
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, she visiting for
mitchell u: Like a couple weeks and
Jocelyn Corrales: Care for you.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. I still talk to them. I talked to them.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: But he also talked to them via phone or social media or know
mitchell u: What social media. I don't I don't use any social media.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe on a phone.
mitchell u: And neither she actually, you know, we're both were both like in computer science and engineering. And so it's like we don't want you know we care about our data, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You go
mitchell u: Out there and
Jocelyn Corrales: The first
Jocelyn Corrales: And you prefer.
mitchell u: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: On the phone talking to them on the phone and seeing them in person.
mitchell u: Yes, yes.
mitchell u: We don't, we don't use. I don't have Facebook. She doesn't have Facebook, we don't you know what I mean.
mitchell u: Yeah, I, I've been like on the like people talk to me about all the time, actually. Here, why don't you have Facebook. I'm like, I don't know your data is precious, you know,
mitchell u: But
Jocelyn Corrales: The thing is, you don't know anyone can access it. They were hack your Facebook account.
mitchell u: Yeah, and it's not, I'm not worried about the hacking but like just anyone can I like data in masses is worth a lot, you know, like, yeah, maybe just one person's data. It's nothing but in my I'm not willing to give them free. You know, free money as much
Jocelyn Corrales: As
Jocelyn Corrales: So we can steer financial
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you an A.
mitchell u: My parents. They help
mitchell u: Me, help me but
mitchell u: You know, I do like little hustlers here and there and stuff like that. But ya know, I'm trying to I'm studying. Still, I might get a little small job but i i do little like little odd freelance work like here and they're not while I'm here but
mitchell u: You know, I'll do like e commerce and shit like
mitchell u: On the side when I need money. But usually it's, I don't really buy thing. I don't know my
Jocelyn Corrales: Current currently you're not doing any food and sleep right now that you're in the wrong. No, no, no.
mitchell u: Just doing my rehab thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your parrot. Currently, your parents supports you
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And face for your bills.
mitchell u: Yes, yes. Yeah, yeah, I'm kind of worried about my insurance, but, uh, I might get on this insurance because I turned
26 in November.
mitchell u: There's this insurance that where I take care of my grandparents and my
mitchell u: Brothers on it. And I think there's more spots. So I might try to apply for it to
mitchell u: Yeah, we'll see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you might get some job after your
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: We have, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so could you tell me you've mentioned about what screaming out for you. You know, in your everyday life. I don't
Jocelyn Corrales: Think there's something wrong because you're able to sleep early you're able to wake up early, you are able to eat well because you're in the facility and you have your you're doing exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually your day is being planned already
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it has already been program because you're in a facility and
Jocelyn Corrales: Would you tell me some things that does not work out for you, you know, with regards to what we have just
Jocelyn Corrales: Talked about so for your day to day living, or activities of daily living, what
mitchell u: Doesn't seem to
Jocelyn Corrales: Out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe the privacy thing just
mitchell u: That thing. All I like really the only things that don't work out dailies like you know sometimes I don't get to do what I wanted to, you know, I'm an
Jocelyn Corrales: Actor.
mitchell u: I wish I could go out and skate like I like skateboarding.
mitchell u: I if I wasn't in rehab things that don't work out. It's like, you know, I want to find good employment.
mitchell u: I want to finish school
mitchell u: Things.
mitchell u: I want to get a car. I don't have a car.
mitchell u: I wanna see
mitchell u: What other things you know that that stuff, but I can't do anything about it right now I'm stuck in rehab. I want to get off probation wanna there's so many things it's endless
mitchell u: Especially here. Like there's it's I really just follow the rules here and I'm just taking things. One, you know, a day at
Jocelyn Corrales: The end of day.
mitchell u: Yeah, I'm just finished this rehab. Go to the core and courts are cancelled. I have court tomorrow and it got cancelled because of the virus.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is going to be delayed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Delayed further because a lot of you know sessions.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are going to be
mitchell u: The only thing I'm lucky with core is I already took a deal. So I'm not going to court, like with any you. No worries. It's just, are we gonna finish the court and start probation, because I just have to show them my my certificate and then bam just probation.
mitchell u: Deal. I took was but uh yeah I'm probably going to be waiting till cord starts. They're already been testing people
mitchell u: Casting people it's
Okay.
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you mentioned that a little bit. You have your own room. There are times that when you want to be alone. You can be alone because you know someone's always
Jocelyn Corrales: I think I need to be alone.
mitchell u: But yeah, there is always those people that are just like they think when you're alone, you're sad.
mitchell u: It's like, dude, I'm not sad I want
mitchell u: I want peace of mind like
mitchell u: Sometimes doing nothing is doing something, you know,
mitchell u: Yes, sometimes I miss
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing nothing
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually like doing self reflection.
Jocelyn Corrales: And meditation.
mitchell u: See you lay down, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And people think oh he's
mitchell u: Isolating myself isolating Oh wait, you know,
mitchell u: That's like a one thing I don't like about being in rehab like people, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Have your own privacy.
mitchell u: Over speculate and are very presumptuous sometimes and it's just like, no, it's there, like, or like you could be like, Oh, I'm fine. They're like, how do you really feel. What do you mean you're fine. You know, and it's like, I'm fine. Like, leave me alone.
mitchell u: Like, I can't say I'm fine in rehab. They say, oh,
mitchell u: Fine, fine means something else. What is what is fine, you know,
mitchell u: And I sometimes I just, I think I feel like rehabs overcomplicate the simple things, which makes it worse, you know,
mitchell u: I don't want to hear about like this. Like, it's really just don't pick up and you're good, you know,
mitchell u: And they say no, before you pick up and when you pick up this little layers and this and i don't know i think i think we're over complicating a simple subject and
mitchell u: I don't. You don't sound intelligent overcomplicate
Jocelyn Corrales: They have, they have a specific time. Like, for example, I know you're in a program
Jocelyn Corrales: Day to day
Jocelyn Corrales: Activity, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have a you know a free time sometime around before you
mitchell u: Go after about like four o'clock ish
Jocelyn Corrales: It's already free
mitchell u: Yeah, but they'll hit us with the with the online zoom meeting group at like seven o'clock or six
mitchell u: O'clock we watch that and then it's like the days, hours. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so after that zoom meeting your
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a live, you have a little break at around four o'clock. Yeah, you have another break
Jocelyn Corrales: After your zoom meeting.
mitchell u: So like maybe or 12 a zoom meeting. And then after that. So that's the only thing I don't like because then the things I want to do, like, let's say I want to write like I don't know. I've been writing some si, si stuffs I'm C code and and also some web development stuff I've been doing
mitchell u: And sometimes it's like, by that time, I'm drained mentally and I can't really
mitchell u: Do that stuff.
mitchell u: Like I just laid down. And that's the only thing I don't like you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do your, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned you wanted to do your development writing stuff. Maybe we could do that after your zoom meeting.
mitchell u: Yeah, I try, but sometimes I'm drains. You know, I do do that though I you do that I wrote a lot of stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe you could do some arresting you know or your time alone on the four o'clock time. Maybe you could inform everybody like can you could, could you know you could tell everybody that not to disturb you on that particular RS because that's your me time
Yeah.
mitchell u: You know I
mitchell u: I
mitchell u: Keep a lot of those like when I went to learn like that kind of shit like
mitchell u: That's like the kind of stuff where I don't want anyone around even like I want to be myself and
mitchell u: They always think
mitchell u: It's some emotional distress. They're always like, Oh, is he okay
mitchell u: Just like nah, you know it's it's a little too much anything. You know what I mean.
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you don't have a problem with waking up. You don't have a problem with Ed, I think you're also eating healthy because you're in
It.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned you're smoking.
mitchell u: Yeah, I'm smoking, but I got some gum. I got some gum to kind of taper down, but I'm not thinking about quitting yet. You know, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, yeah, it's actually
mitchell u: Actually too much free time, like I like just grabbed by myself like
mitchell u: Some time by myself like too much time with people here.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're still not ready to click
mitchell u: Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's take, you know, one day at a time.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah yeah I do my thing, you know.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Ready, but it will happen.
Jocelyn Corrales: If you're ready.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're mentally ready. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: There's no you know there's no use of trying to quit when you yourself is not are not afraid.
mitchell u: Especially in a place like this like it's too much like there's some downtime here and there, and it's just like
mitchell u: Wow, you know, I don't know what to do. And like, I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: What are the other things that you like. Aside from doing web development writing
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, like, you like music you like
mitchell u: I have my instruments. Here I have a guitar. Here I have a bass guitar here also.
mitchell u: I like watching TV, sometimes like documentaries. But yeah, I know I play
mitchell u: At home, I'll record music I play I play a lot of is your I played piano, guitar, bass percussion.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you're like a musician.
mitchell u: Yeah I know my dad, my dad's a couple bands.
Jocelyn Corrales: I mean,
mitchell u: Couple bands.
Jocelyn Corrales: Not right now. Obviously, I know.
mitchell u: Nobody. Yeah, my dad. He plays or before this coven thing happened. He plays shows every week. You know, he's in a couple bands. My family grew up with music.
mitchell u: Yeah, no, it's, it's fun. It's fun. Before I was at a six month rehab and I started a little group with a couple people the rehab allowed us to play a couple shows
mitchell u: I was in Los Angeles, when this happened.
mitchell u: It was fun. It was fun, but here it's, it's, you know, there's not really any other musician. So I don't know. I play
Jocelyn Corrales: But there's a musical instrument. They're like,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, guitar.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah I play my guitar here and there. I broke a string actually broke my fifth string. So I had to change it. But so right now I can't really play I can play bass, if I want to, but the base. It's a I don't have like it's an acoustic electric bass playing acoustically
mitchell u: I do a lot of slapping with it, but
mitchell u: Rather play guitar. I don't know. I'm more of a bass player, but I like
mitchell u: Any metal and jazz guitar.
mitchell u: I have my pedal with me and all that stuff. That's fine.
mitchell u: I just, yeah. I wish I could play in a group with people, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
mitchell u: You had one other dude he doesn't play anything
Jocelyn Corrales: He just
Jocelyn Corrales: You just tried to play and perform there for the people.
Jocelyn Corrales: Around their
Jocelyn Corrales: Teams, you know, there's only you in another guy.
mitchell u: Yeah, I have. I have like footage of me playing like a on YouTube, like a show like with this is when I was in rehab.
mitchell u: I was living over in LA for a couple. I like six months or seven months and but one of the members. He ended up overdosed and died. So we stopped playing, you know, but it
mitchell u: Was me and three other people's really fun.
mitchell u: Yeah, is it cool gig.
mitchell u: I could
Jocelyn Corrales: I could send it to you. Yes. You get to chat later.
mitchell u: I do this, I hit the chat.
mitchell u: Oh,
mitchell u: Zoom group chat.
mitchell u: Oh, there we go.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm gonna watch it later.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah but ya know, we played a couple of gigs. That's just one of them. The, the older the older guide, not the singer, but the other guy. He passed away. He overdosed.
mitchell u: When I was like 21. Yeah, that's a really
mitchell u: Good, that's a good place. I'm lucky to be in rehab right now. I had a hard time finding a place that would allow me to be on Suboxone you know
mitchell u: Mm hmm. Places won't allow
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: You've mentioned, but are you also studying in there when you know you have your computers.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. I have all my books to
mitchell u: Sign up for school.
mitchell u: This month, but ya.
mitchell u: Know I study I study a
mitchell u: You know, different languages here and there. Yeah.
mitchell u: But here in there. Yeah, but I have I have like programming languages web development. I have a book on what's it called,
mitchell u: Data Structures Boolean theories and shit like that. I have a lot of
mitchell u: Boolean math discrete math books I have all that stuff.
mitchell u: It's just have to find time and not just time but also like a quiet space.
Jocelyn Corrales: To doing. Yeah.
mitchell u: I room there's no desk. That's what I hate
mitchell u: Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why it's difficult for you to, you know, also read here.
mitchell u: Yeah, I got to find like that quiet space.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: With your
Jocelyn Corrales: Emotion that type of person you know when he studied want to be alone. So
mitchell u: Yeah. Yeah. And I guess.
Jocelyn Corrales: I cannot concentrate. If you're a lot of people
mitchell u: Yeah, it's so annoying to them that people knock on your door or you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Just tell them I'm study
mitchell u: You should be reading the big book.
mitchell u: I read the big book of Alcoholics Anonymous book.
mitchell u: It's just like it just convoluted simple thing. Don't pick up don't pick up
mitchell u: Thousands to Manny and a ones never enough. All these cliches are the masters of
mitchell u: cliche, you just have a billion cliche.
Yeah.
mitchell u: Okay.
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So I'm gonna create a plan for you. So let's do a plan. So with regards to waking up. I have no problems with you waking up early, AND YOU SLEEPING SLEEPING early. Let's get
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleeps at 10 to 11
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. They don't force us, you know, some people say up like 12 one o'clock here.
Jocelyn Corrales: I don't think that's too good for you.
mitchell u: Yeah, I don't do it. I know I'm not that close with the people here.
Jocelyn Corrales: And when you study, you know, it's also good if you feel tired, just go to sleep.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah you you actually learn more, you actually learn more. When you you are well rested.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you are not very tired, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: This actually some of the mistakes for, you know, for some other people they try to you know they don't sleep they study all day. Oh my. It seems that they do not have speed. So sometimes you don't retain all the information that they are trying to
mitchell u: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so let me share you my screen. Then tell me what are the other things that you want me to put in
mitchell u: Here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Since this is your plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I think you have a program
mitchell u: Yeah I eat breakfast around like 10
mitchell u: I launch on like 1230 ish
Jocelyn Corrales: D.
Jocelyn Corrales: At the same time, with other people.
mitchell u: Are either sometimes not sometimes, you know, sometimes I will be working on. Don't eat lunch. A little later, like what
Jocelyn Corrales: I ended up in, that's fine.
mitchell u: Yeah, dinner. I don't eat dinner they eat at five, but are you that six
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine six
mitchell u: Also, fine.
mitchell u: I like eating a little later.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And read your routine daily at else or activities of daily living. I know you are you exercise a lot. I just split in here. Continue with exercise and yoga. Do you, do you do exercise twice right once in the morning in once a night.
mitchell u: Oh no, I do. So I do yoga and then I do my run right after
Jocelyn Corrales: And I mean,
Jocelyn Corrales: In the morning exercise only in the morning.
mitchell u: Yeah, very few times, I'll do night if I do night I'll do weights here and there, but it's not every day.
mitchell u: So ride like yoga more and then I'll do I run on the treadmill for one hour every morning.
mitchell u: See
mitchell u: Yeah.
mitchell u: FOR THE HOUR EVERY MORNING AND I'LL DO weightlifting, I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: F9
mitchell u: weightlifting at night on certain days. Yeah, on and off.
mitchell u: Yeah. On a diet, a little i i still drink soda. That's my problem.
mitchell u: Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: We could put that in your team, maybe could lesson.
Jocelyn Corrales: You are still at
mitchell u: I'm trying not to eat at night, either just eat my breakfast, lunch, dinner.
mitchell u: It's hard, you know, but
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually
Jocelyn Corrales: It's actually fine to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner on time, but try to lessen your intake instead of missing or not eating at all. So it's actually not a good habit to miss your breakfast, lunch, or dinner, but instead of eating the whole meal or a lot of carbohydrates. Try to lessen
mitchell u: Down your
mitchell u: Protein, stuff like that. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try to lessen down in your carbohydrates for it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Now CC are also doing weightlifting, and I think you should eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Protein. Yeah, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And lesson.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I
Jocelyn Corrales: Placed in here. Lesson soda intake.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think this the one that's the reason I think that's probably the reason why you're gaining weight because of the soda.
mitchell u: No, no, I haven't been gaining weight. I actually lost a lot of weight.
mitchell u: I know I'm trying to get to like a certain
mitchell u: I don't know, I just want to eat like a certain
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a target weight.
mitchell u: Yeah I don't know target way. And look, and it's not far from it. I just want to be
mitchell u: You know,
mitchell u: Okay, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so in a snap healthy. How many can stay drinking today.
mitchell u: I just drink one I cut down. I used to drink like to
Jocelyn Corrales: Me and now it's just once a day.
Yeah.
mitchell u: Sometimes, yeah.
mitchell u: Trying to cut it out.
mitchell u: I was drinking like soda water lately to soda water, but there's no calories in it or not.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's zero calories.
mitchell u: No sugar. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
This is the poison.
Jocelyn Corrales: Coke. Okay, so I just placed here trying to cut out some carbs in your meals and lessons. So the intake.
Jocelyn Corrales: And plant a place in their place. And I'm going to lower. I'm going to edit this later on.
mitchell u: Order, that's no big deal.
And
Jocelyn Corrales: Routine activity you love to play music you play guitar and piano, why not. You could also play
Jocelyn Corrales: For the people there.
Yeah.
mitchell u: Yeah, that's like my leisure activity.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you could do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: At least you could also entertain them.
mitchell u: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And yes, you could continue on study and read your books, you know, that's for your future and I placed in here you are currently smoking for but this is for feature plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Feature land that's a day. He's currently smoking and still not ready to quit probably sometime in the future.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It says, I'll just take it. Take a note so that I will know and sleep, you don't have problems or trouble sleeping.
mitchell u: Yes, sometimes, sometimes I do
mitchell u: On and off, I don't know, it just
mitchell u: I sleep. In the end, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I sleep. Okay. If you have trouble sleeping, you know, there are times actually for, you know, for some who are have trouble sleeping actually advise them you know to do
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise, you know, or yoga.
mitchell u: before going to sleep. Yeah, I try to drain myself. Yeah.
mitchell u: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you would feel terrible. Yeah, until you're able to speak. So I'm going to reevaluate you after 30 days. I think you're still there. By that time.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're still probably in the rehab center there in the rehab facility. Yeah, and I'm going to check on you on how you're doing probably in 30 days or 35 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me see if this first. Let's see if you're able to sign this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you know computer right now.
mitchell u: Yeah, I'm on a computer.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if you're able to sign this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh wait for a while.
mitchell u: Oh, yeah, yeah.
mitchell u: Oh, no.
mitchell u: Let's try, though.
mitchell u: It's kind of lagging
mitchell u: It's hard.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, but the the actually, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Makes your signature better afterwards.
mitchell u: I don't know.
mitchell u: screw it up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Again, you could always see it again.
mitchell u: Oh, that's okay. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's try to save this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope it saves. Oh, that's good. It's a sometimes it just saves weird, you know, technology, sometimes it works.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes it doesn't work.
mitchell u: Well, I'm on my laptop hard to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it was great talking to you, Mitchell, you know,
Yeah.
mitchell u: Yeah, yeah. No, it's good. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Mitchell. Have a great day.
mitchell u: Have a good one. Thank you.
Me safe.